Cédric, how do you do?
It's quite unusual to
see you here, brother.
I'm here because the dowager
empress summoned me.
A summons from Grandmother?
Well, you have my sympathies.
As do you.
That is to say, my apologies
for making you worry.
Me, worry?
Has it truly slipped your
mind that we're both
competing for the throne?
Neither you nor I vie
to occupy the throne.
It certainly seems like we do.
I will be emperor.
[CLAUDE]
All that to impress Lilia?
Yes.
Aren't you aiming for
the throne to fulfill Aileen's
desires as her fiancé?
Allow me to impart
a note of caution.
Be wary of bowing to
a woman's beck and call.
Sheep get boring fast.
Before you go...
Lilia is planning something.
Do try to be careful.
I'll say nothing more than that.
[groaning]
[CROWD chattering]
[ATTENDEE A]
That low?
[MERCHANT A]
Indeed!
[ATTENDEE A]
Let me browse the other stock.
[ATTENDEE B]
The price?
I see, this explains where
they were being taken.
Indeed, to a black-market
auction, of all places.
Supposedly, demon
incense is sold as well.
Is that right?
[GROUP]
Huh?
Yes. Not only demon
incense, but demons, also.
[RIBBON whimpers]
[AILEEN]
Should the situation go south,
you have my approval
to make arrests, Auguste.
But has Lord Claude
given you his approval?
[AILEEN]
Pardon?
Keeping secrets from him
will only do more harm.
Aren't you already in
enough trouble as it is?
Lord Claude is very kind.
I haven't the faintest
clue why you lot
would believe otherwise.
Anyway, our first priority
is gathering information.
Split up into two groups.
[CROWD chattering]
[CROWD laughing]
This sorta thing isn't
really my expertise.
Oh, one night is
enough for you to gain
some experience
with a woman like me
to guide you.
That's what I was afraid of.
[ATTENDEE D]
Ah! A demon is loose!
[ATTENDEES gasp, yell]
That's James' signal. Hurry!
You keep watch.
I'll search the room.
Be on your guard, Auguste.
[AILEEN grunts]
[AUGUSTE]
Ailey!
[AILEEN]
Magic?
[ELEPHAS] No need to be afraid.
I'm on your side.
I'm glad I could
finally meet you.
It's an honor, Lady Aileen
Lauren d'Autriche.
Who are you?
Are you a sorcerer?
That I am.
I know my actions were brazen.
I merely request an
audience with the demon lord.
Apologies for the fright.
[GUARD A]
A raid! Confirm the goods!
You can use this.
Come.
Not until we have the
evidence that we need
to expose this place.
Evidence, you say?
Will the guest list do?
You're quite skilled.
If you hand it over, you
will have your audience
with Lord Claude.
[ELEPHAS]
Happily.
[GUARD B]
They're in here!
Quickly now, my lady.
[GUARD A]
Forget the men; get the girl!
[GUARD B]
Where is she?
I do hope you have
a plan of escape?
[ELEPHAS]
I'll manipulate the wind.
Please jump.
Huh?
[GUARD A] They're in here!
Break it down!
[GUARD B]
Someone bring an axe!
May I have the name of the
person who I'm entrusting
with my fall?
Forgive my rudeness, my lady.
Elephas Levi.
I am at your service.
[AILEEN]
Huh? The final boss?
From the game's fan-disc?
--Ailey!
--[crash]
[AILEEN yelling]
[CLAUDE] I assumed we were
close enough that if you wanted
a moonlit stroll,
you'd feel comfortable
simply asking for one.
Yet I find you here instead.
My beloved Aileen,
what have you been up to?
[AUGUSTE yelling]
[CLAUDE] My darling,
I've realized something.
Things like words
are no longer needed
between the two of us.
I feel we've outgrown them.
I wholeheartedly disagree!
Pray tell, how else
do you expect us
to understand one another?
I could always engrave
your importance to me
on your body.
You aren't against a more
physical display, right?
We're not married yet,
so of course I'm against it!
And also let's not forget
that we do have an audience!
I can have everyone leave
if you would prefer.
That's not the problem here!
[AILEEN gasps]
Wouldn't you like
to hear my account
of the night's events?
If it is truly more pressing.
There's someone
I'd like for you to meet,
if you'd calm down
for just a moment.
Now we have a sorcerer.
She's picked up yet
another rarity, I see.
Your name?
You may call me
Elephas Levi, my lord.
I'm honored, Imperial Crown
Prince Claude Jeanne Elmir.
I know of your ancestor.
The Grand Duke Levi of
Magical Arts, if I do recall.
I am currently a mere
servant of the Elmir Empire.
The imperial crown
prince must know
of our present place in society.
I certainly know this family.
They're one of only
a few human clans
that can control magic,
according to the game.
And because the Elmir
Empire believes that none
but demons can channel magic,
sorcerers have always been
rejected by human society.
Twenty years ago, the Levi
family declared war
against the empire, hoping
to expand their territory,
but lost.
Sorcerers have since been
forced to provide protection
to the imperial family
behind the scenes.
While their children and
elders are held hostage.
[CLAUDE] If I were to
take over the throne,
you want me to formally
recognize the people
of the Levi family as citizens
of the Elmir Empire.
Do I have that right?
Please help free my family
from their bondage, my lord.
Let your actions henceforth
decide your fate.
[ISAAC sighs] More underlings
to add to your collection?
What if this turns
out to be a trick?
If we're aiding the
sorcerers' revenge,
I say we decline.
Deny their vengeance?
I see no reason to,
if the sorcerers' bite
matches their bark
towards the Empire.
--[AILEEN] Isaac?
--[ISAAC] Huh?
What we desire is an
empire where humans
and demons live in harmony.
Wouldn't it be in our
best interest to help
the oppressed in any way we can?
I don't think it's a good idea.
Oh! I'll be sure to teach him
the greatness of Lord Claude!
As long as you
have no objections?
Not at all. I look forward
to learning from you.
[ISAAC] I warned you about
keeping a secure leash on her!
Didn't I tell you
last time, My Lord?
You did.
That will be all,
gentlemen; you're dismissed.
[CLAUDE]
Goodnight. I love you.
[AILEEN gasps]
That man!
Teleporting me off to
bed right in the middle
of a tense discussion!
What a relief.
Looks like the final boss
is on our side this time.
I have a clearer memory
of the first game
than I do of the fan disc.
Too bad I didn't replay the
side content more often.
Which reminds me,
Lord Claude was demonized
in the first game.
But in the fan disc,
he appeared again as
one of the romanceable
options as a character extra.
And when that happened--
[water splashes]
[AILEEN gasps]
Almond! Are you there?
Are you in there, Belzebuth?
Oh, no. This is bad!
[knocking]
[RACHEL]
Lady Aileen?
Did you just call for someo--Um?
Ah, Rachel!
Please look after
things while I'm away!
I won't be long.
You're going out again?
But it's terribly late, my lady.
[ALMOND]
Aileen! It's the demon lord!
Something's amiss!
He's nowhere to be found!
And what's even worse,
the barrier for the
forest is gone also!
[RUDOLF]
Aileen, I have news.
[RACHEL]
Your Grace!
I've received word of
a distressing account
from an aid stationed
in the imperial castle.
They report to have
seen Lord Claude
being stabbed in the abdomen.
[AILEEN gasps]
Not the demon lord!
[AILEEN]
Stabbed?
No, that doesn't make sense,
he said he loved
me only hours ago!
[RUDOLF]
Do not be alarmed.
The wound is quite shallow.
There is no threat
to his life at present.
But, sadly, this injury cost
Lord Claude his memories.
[AILEEN]
Love is precious.
It can disappear at any moment.
It's happened once.
It can surely happen again.
[AILEEN]
What is the meaning of this?!
Please explain why
you are keeping me
from seeing Lord Claude!
Well, why should you?
My son's now bereft of his
memory and demonic powers,
and no longer a demon lord.
Thus, I will separate
him from demons
and have him start
over as a human.
This is the perfect chance
for him to become
the next emperor.
I beg your pardon,
Your Imperial Majesty,
but what about your
son's arranged marriage
with my daughter?
Do be at ease, I don't
plan to cancel it now.
I will seek a suitable time
and reason for the annulment.
Without our consent?
That is not fair!
There's hope yet for Claude
despite this setback of his.
He has the option to
reconsider his future now.
I am certain there will
be plenty of candidates
who hope to wed him as a human.
Aileen, yes?
What a pleasure to finally
make your acquaintance.
I pray you are well,
Dowager Empress.
And the pleasure is all mine.
[LARA chuckles]
Well, aren't you a polite
and endearing young lady!
I feel a bit jealous.
[AILEEN]
If the accounts are true,
this woman's over 60 years old!
[LARA] As it just so
happens, I plan to host
an extravagant ball,
and it would be the
perfect opportunity
for my dear grandson
to choose a future wife
who is suitable for
his new lifestyle.
I never cease to be
impressed by your astute
political machinations,
Madame Dowager Empress.
However, I don't believe
my family received
an invitation to this ball.
My, there must have
been an oversight.
Wouldn't it cause more
trouble for your family
to receive an invitation
at this late date?
But I am still Lord Claude's
fiancée, Your Majesty!
If it's Claude's health
you're so concerned over,
then you have no need to
worry your pretty little head,
my dear.
Cédric and Lilia are taking
care of him quite well
without you.
Allow me to confirm Lord
Claude's health for myself.
Please, just once!
I beg of you, at least
allow me this much
as his fiancée!
[LARA]
How unseemly.
If you do love him as you say,
shouldn't you let him go?
Pardon me for interrupting.
Lilia was insistent.
Oh, Grandmother,
this is far too cruel!
You mustn't force Lady Aileen
to break up with him!
[AILEEN]
Lilia!
What is this woman plotting?
It would be rather
suspicious to annul
the engagement after
he lost his memory.
The two of them have
developed quite the reputation
for being in a
close relationship.
They're a couple!
So we should at least invite her
to the ball, right, Grandmother?
[LARA sighs]
The two of you have a point.
I suppose I can send
an invitation to her.
However, should you
try otherwise to meet
with Lord Claude,
I'll have you beheaded for going
against an imperial decree.
Good luck.
I very much look forward
to seeing what you can
accomplish at the ball.
Lady Aileen is
the main character.
Have a little bit of faith
in her, Grandmother!
She won't lose in
a scenario this easy.
Will you?
Lady Aileen.
What do you say you and
I have a little more fun?
[AILEEN]
So she wants to play.
Of course, Lady Lilia.
But know this:
it will be the last time.
Yes, that's the spirit,
Lady Aileen.
I would expect no less from you.
[LILIA giggles]
If this truly is reality,
isn't it quite cruel?
Poor Lady Aileen!
[CÉDRIC]
Lilia, are you sure about this?
Huh? Are you worried
about something?
Yes.
The culprit who attacked my
brother is still out there.
And what's more--
[LILIA] Oh, is he worried
his more capable brother
will take me from him?
What an exhausting,
small-minded man.
Your kindness is what
I love most about you,
Prince Cédric!
Be wary of bowing to
a woman's beck and call.
Sheep get boring fast.
[BELZEBUTH]
Aileen.
I beg you.
Please take care of my lord.
[AILEEN]
I will.
And don't you forget, I am
the demon lord's future wife.
[AILEEN]
He's in there.
Almond's a good bird.
Wouldn't have
found it without him.
It seems there's a holy
barrier to ward off outsiders.
Child's play, I say.
My sword can surely
break through that barrier
with ease.
I see they still
underestimate me.
[ELEPHAS] Most people wouldn't
think about jumping off a cliff.
Not at this height.
It's time.
Prepare your wind
magic while I tear down
the "holy" barrier
with my sword.
And may I remind you--
you'll be executed if caught.
I'm well aware of that.
As long as you are.
Your hand.
Zhuideze jeveonhwa.
[AILEEN]
Holy sword!
It's most remarkable.
The holy sword is
loyal to your hand.
Yes, for now at least.
I do think about
snapping it in half
when it doesn't
want to listen. Uh...
[AILEEN yelps]
[ELEPHAS]
Lady Aileen! Are you all right?
Yes, more or less.
And as you've just
seen, it feels like
the holy sword has
a mind of its own--uh...
[AILEEN]
Prince Cédric.
I suppose you're here
to see my brother.
Get off the ground.
[AILEEN]
Huh?
That door over there leads
to my brother's bedroom.
Go ahead, have your way.
This better not be a trick.
Do whatever you
need to and leave.
And know that I won't save
you if you get caught
by the guards.
Stay here and
keep watch, Elephas.
[AILEEN]
Oh, my love!
He's alive!
Thank goodness.
As long as he's still with me,
nothing else matters.
[CLAUDE]
Lilia?
Who are you? Unhand me!
After all we've been
through together,
don't tell me you
can't recall who I am.
Then I suppose there's no
other choice to make here.
I know what I must do now!
Lord Claude, you'd make
me the happiest woman
if you married me!
What are you talking about?
All you have to do is say yes,
and I can promise you a
comfortable, cushy life
full of laughter,
love, and happiness!
No need to be modest with
me, just take the plunge!
I'm not so desperate that
I'd marry the first person
to propose to me
without introduction,
lost memory or no.
[AILEEN]
Oh! How rude of me.
Hello, my name is
Aileen Lauren d'Autriche,
and I happen to be your
fiancée, My Lord Claude.
Are you the Aileen that
they warned me about?
I've no desire to marry
someone like you,
so please just leave me.
Just leave?
That's being a tad
cold, Lord Claude.
I will not become
the demon lord again.
I burdened my country
and my people
by selfishly
accepting the title.
Lilia and the others went
through much to save me.
I won't allow that
to be in vain.
Do you truly mean that?
Therefore, please
accept the annulment
of our engagement.
[AILEEN] I will pretend
I did not hear that.
I'll have you know,
I would have cut you down
right here and now if
I wasn't desperately
in love with you.
You're truly in love with me?
[AILEEN]
Of course.
I wouldn't have risked execution
to see you if I wasn't.
They threatened to execute you?
As an outlaw, I'll be
beheaded if they discovered
I met with you.
But that's a risk I'm
more than willing to take.
And if that's the price of
treason, I'm happy to pay it.
But the guards could
come in at any moment.
You've done enough.
So please, please just leave.
You're still the caring
man I fell in love with.
Thank goodness you're all right.
As long as you're alive,
I can win you over
as many times as it takes.
How brazen of you!
Don't you know putting
your hands on a man
is very unbecoming of a
young, unmarried woman?
What a gentleman!
Who knew hidden underneath
your demon lord side
was such a dashing
and chivalrous soul!
I can't help it! I want to steal
you away right now!
[CLAUDE]
Pardon?
For the last time I am asking
you to unhand me right now!
How can you say that when
I'm having so much fun?
[ELEPHAS]
Excuse me.
The patrolling guards
will pass by shortly.
Those guards have
the worst timing,
don't they, Lord Claude?
Until next time!
With any luck, there will
not be a next time.
Oh! And please excuse me.
My hair!
[AILEEN]
A souvenir! I'll treasure it!
Oh, and before I take my leave,
you must promise this.
Do not ever cheat on me.
Come again?
Isn't the purpose of the ball
to find you a new fiancée,
one to replace me?
I'm not interested.
My plate is full.
I'm busy dealing with
the requirements
of becoming a crown prince.
I've no time for that.
What are you doing?
Oh, just tucking you in.
And thinking how you
sound like the man I love.
No matter what,
I'll have you falling
for me again and again.
I promise you.
"No matter what?"
She's an odd one.
Fiancée?
She couldn't possibly be.
If I'm destined to
fall for her again,
is our love fated to be?